You got fired because you were caught looking at explicit content!
You fell off a cliff! You have been out of work for a month!
You decided to pull a prank on someone, and they complained to your boss, you're on thin ice buster!
You were looking down at your phone while crossing the street and got hit by a bus, you couldn't work this year!
You tried to do something nice for your boss by getting them flowers, turns out they're allergic, and they're mad at you!
You were caught on stackoverflow and for some reason your boss actually cared! They're mad at you!
You punched a coworker in the balls for not commenting his code, your boss laughs but tells you off for it!
Your year has been okay, you got an xbox and haven't showered in weeks, but other than that you're chilling.
You broke your phone looking at bitcoin prices drop, but you didn't get affected too bad, so you're doing okay.
Your step-mom got in a horrible car accident :(, you threw a party to celebrate :)!
You decided to start working from home because you don't want to bother getting dressed for work, you now code naked!
You go camping with your friend, and they get eaten by a bear, but it's okay because they owed you money anyway.
You and your wife get divorced, but it's okay because she was into astrology! You now have more free time!
You stubbed your toe. That's it. That's all that happened out of the ordinary
You get your fingers stuck in a chinese finger trap over the weekend, you did this 12 times this year!
Your father comes back with the milk, turns out it was skim so you kicked him to the curb.
You developed a new application that brought your company millions, your boss gives you a chance at a promotion!
You have been kissing your boss's *** and they decided that you have deserved a chance at a promotion!
You just finished the big project and the customer loved your product, your boss gives you the chance at a promotion!
Your boss loves how quick and efficient your work is this year, they give you a chance at a promotion!